 i created this ai that plays flappy bird using NEAT python module.
 the main modules it used were:
 1.pygame: reason("to make the flappy bird game") 
 2.NEAT-python: reason("to make an algorithm to beat flappy bird)


 NEAT-python(NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies) is a artificial neural network that only uses basic pyhton module
 to write code
                                            #///   use it after    ////#
First, we need to import all necessary libraries and functions from them.
i import pygame for a graphical interface in which the ai will play
and imported NEAT for making a model for ai that will learn to beat flappy bird

BASIC theory


basic method of beating the game through the neural network is by making the bird not touch any pipes 
and pass through them using ai. The major factor that will affect the bird is gravity. we have to keep the bird in air 
and space so that it passes through those pipes again and again.

To make a model we First have to we need to see the input layer:
input that the ai should take. i think three things should be considered
1. the bird     2.the upper pipe    3. lower pipes
now consider the whole game in x,y axis. Since we don't need to take account of x axis we will use y axis. y-axis
will make the bird go up and down and give data to output layer.The output layer will only have an output to whether jump or not.

the connection between input layer and output layer will be by connection of bird with upper pipe and lower pipe
and the number gravity we need to pass through every pipe. basically the ai will tweak the gravity to give the chance to beat the game
and gravity can be considered a formula of sum of position of the bird in the grid, which can be call weight and a bias which can a value 
which we tweak in the formula to make the bird go up and down. then the answer provided will be compared to the answer and the si will
tweak the formula according to it until we get an answer.since we can't find the answer very easily. that's where we use NEAT

neat is a evolutionary model meaning it uses evolution to bypass any problem. to make it work we will use many birds and select the
birds by how much they progessed and select the birds that are the best and breed them and mutate them to make a new set of birds that
will again be put to test and breed them continously until we have the optimal bird for the solution. in brief, we can say that neat
uses reinforced machine learning method.

to get any doubts resolved please use this link =>> https://neat-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ to learn about NEAT



